Belgium is one of the largest manufacturer when it comes to the production of LCD
screens and you can see that reflected in the number of models that are on this year
to market
this is the lb 670 v is the 42 once variant and it has one
suggested retail price of around 900 euros but he is the total available for 3
sizes
it's a high performing full taste television with that there
unique features
This clairvoyant television is a pretty good stock market building see below
others back, for example, an iron plate but also
the screen edges are of all minium
and the TV is two hours early for the legs that you have to love
at the rear you will of course find all the connections and that is it below
more than enough on this device
You control the TV with a distance in the viewer of no less than two of them
regular plastic remote control and also a plastic a little chemos that
is an alstom ministry that you use as a kind of malaise in the air
Belgium has carried out TV with the so-called Pixo is 8 that makes it
possible to fully adjust the image but yes I have personal
preferred
but you can even turn to all kinds of advanced settings and there
what that yields is a reasonable street scene in both 2D and 3D
colors are true to their work the image is sharp and then especially very bad
contrast rich in this price range
and even quick movements are very smoothly what is this one displayed
Well
Japan
the sound is also about moderate level
because maybe it has a lot of detail thanks to how they follow
placed in the back of the scherpenisse and actually you can say that
of course has a low tone but very pleasant max
In addition, the best products of course also became the energy consumption of these
television and that is around 45 watts
that comes down to a 67-kilowatt-hour peppery year-old with everyday use
and you pay around 10 euros in energy costs
every first TV this year is equipped with a completely renewed smart part
that is based on so-called web olst
that is such a colorful screen with everyone there to choose from
hundreds of erpse with which you can consult all kinds of online services like them
missed a video broadcast or highlight social media and you can even do all kinds of you
music photo and video files
of connected equipment, for example, playing struck time and again on the spot
for the smartphone
and it is all personal to classify that is a so-called royce suck
at the bottom of the screen a minute bar with cl links with the worst you
used most times
it is all a bit unorthodox, certainly many colors that coaches
are not always clear so it takes some getting used to
but it became very fast game bild they can land plans
h this lp 670 one of the option is not a bad choice because that's for sure it
image is just of good quality and the sound is certainly not bad
he does have a bit of contemporary design on the outside as well
the income legs
as on the inside of the menu they are all multicolored icons
You could actually say that it is just a qualitative one
is middle class that is well priced and therefore starts a four star
and also labeled him as having a sale